what do you think of a nice
chilly check when we go in
alright one out I think we were
fishing I mean really so far on
this trip we've already lost two
paychecks and the top it off I
still haven't been paid for the
first three fish we caught this
season when we got to see every
night with one on land why you
busting my balls all he said it
would be nice to get a fish Jack
we go in today will stay in and
I'll write checks will stay
until the day I go next and
choose is also acting like a
jerk
being a good captain is not just
about putting fish in the boat
it's also about honoring your
commitments to your crew which
includes paying them on time
message days vision so we know
right chaps I did noah takes a
whole data write a check by I
usually write a little quicker
than that how going right now
that's what well though I gotta
deal with this Baltimore simple
thing and you flipped up every
time I bring up money and get
all mad like I'm just talking to
you is it wrong for me to worry
about how I'm gonna feed my
daughter Paul is out wrong
there's no way you can go home
until your five-year-old
daughter that daddy didn't make
any money this week so show up
to go without dinner plans wants
his money right now to feed his
daughter so right man for my
money I've never ever had anyone
questioned me with money in my
life I'm starting to see a
different side of Paul in its
aside appalled that I don't like
getting bad